1. the problem - motivation
2. the solution: kaj smo nardil + ZA KOGA
3. where are we - kaj smo nardil ta vikend
4. wheare we going --> next steps
5. business plan : kok ljudi/kok stane/kok casa do prvega MVP (minimal viable product)


1)
Today, data is everywhere. 
The advancements of AI are being used in many different domains.
Current technology is already capable of doing great things by leveraging data, but the fundamental problem remains: How efficiently access the data and actually do research with it? 
<--- kaksni so ti podatkio, obcutljivi,....

Hospitals and CDCs have complex information systems that must comply with legislation such as GDPR.
Cybersecurity, identity management, persistent and immutable storage, auditing, privacy and much more has to be taken into account.
All these requirements are met by using specifically designed software solutions, which are often maintained by independent software vendors. That kind of data access is usually not enough to do research.

Enter the medical data exploitation platform.

2)
[fensi šmensi overall complexity & hospital IS related gibberish] - martin
dasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sadasd sa
apache airflow --> periodicne analize

The platform enables faster and more efficient research by providing access to various relevant medical and business-focused data sources. Clean and anonymised data are readily available for use by researchers and business analysts.


3) 
Currently, the platform is in prototype phase. 
It allows access to publicly available literature related to novel corona virus. Our search engine goes beyond simple keyword search and uses cutting edge AI approaches to automatically annotate whole scientific documents. We regularly update the database which currently contains more than 30.000 documents.

Our platform also offers a unique view of novel corona virus incidence, coupled with side-by-side information about the stock exchange sentiment, medical protocols, legislation changes.

To showcase the power of our platform, we have prepared four case studies. They encompass visualization and topic detection in existing literature, a cross-hospital predictive novel corona virus modeling scenario, and drug candidate detection.

- AI determined scores 2 x print screen
1 printscreen za vsak use case


[kam gremo/future]
kaj bi radi dosegl

[1m] 1 arrange meetings with healthcare stakeholders in Slovenia to align directions for integration
[4-6m] 2.1 proper soft. engineering efforts to achieve MVP++
[    ] 2.2 install MeDEP in one hospital (npr UKC LJ)
[1-3] 3.1. connect to the most critical data sources within UKC LJ
[within 1y] 3.2. connect to UKC MB or any other hospital 
 
4. timeline

[business]
For this to happen,we estimate that an investiment would have to be around 1mio EUR. / man-hour / FTE 



Visit us online (prikazi url na slajdu www.medep.org)




